I’m pressing the day with you, after all, and I’m not from Russia, it’s broadcasting with the settings I’ve already set and in September it’s possible to install on the knitting needles, I’ve already done everything, I even downloaded Tony’s perspectives and flowers, but instead of roots, I’m the original, then I didn’t step on breaks the antenna, they immediately russia, a film of intoxication, not for two hours, communicated with her thoughts freed you from your house in the fourteenth year, they released me in the fourteenth, then I left for Kyiv, I got married there and gave birth to a child, then they freed me in Kyiv, the first ones left for Germany is now a hotel where I think they will release my mother or I’m honestly scared here I don’t think soon they will be released back in that direction already, Lord, it would be faster honestly please and I have a normal child myself if we don’t already know please tell Dasha there people were oppressed on Donbass because of this there is higher I am from Dunbaru I am diluted with the Russians listen I entered the Donetsk National University in the thirteenth year on my budget
everything was fine, I studied and worked well, I worked part-time until I worked part-time, and everything was so good for me, and then the fourteenth year came these extras came well, and it started, they deprived me of the university, I went to work at the bakery, decided the bakeries, I went to live in an apartment, they didn’t deprive me of the apartment, and and for rashuyachili just could drabadan I lived on the ground floor although they always said that on the paid heat of the dangerous kay maiden on the sixteenth she left for russia she played money I left for russia I didn’t immediately merge in yellow for 2 days kiev Kyiv got married I gave birth to a child so now they already got me here as much as possible and why, by the way, in the 16th year they went to Russia, they went to a transshipment point then the checkpoints didn’t work that way there it was necessary just the pump’s fault well, then it was not, but my mother will get it, she came to her, too, she is now where with me she turns into the throat  of course, even owning, of course, everyone always lived with me,
we always had throats, we always had
my grandfather, a Dagestani Lezgin,
diluted the Ukrainian you with potassium on the creak of a
sigal, ridna mother, both of my species are like the
Dnieper wide pancake, grandfather Dagestan is
interesting, grandfather and grandmother
met Ukraine, but if you listen to
grandfather,
what the hell did I get drunk  on that day, and if you
listen to your grandmother, of course,
she flew from him special that
they weren’t funny,
I remember my grandfather was buried, it was 15 you
started crying us all the time these cemeteries
you understand who is not
just godlessly
I think it’s worth it, well, campaign  here everything is in the
cemetery and will remain well, why am I
left really
I don’t know why it probably had to be
like that I look like they are [ __ ] that nisbach
motanki lotta below the cow with new bombings
[ __ ] of him
in general
I volunteered a nursery for five days from
mariupol a man 60 you are something years old
at night young  my young
man how he story is [ __ ] up I have a
girlfriend my car she has a match in the new
Kakhovka hour  sits she wants to go to
her daughter she can’t these [ __ ] and
not let the Chechens stand at the checkpoints
and say mister think we
won’t leave his studio until we don’t either shoot you here
or die from the city but
it’s normal women are not 67 years old like that
to speak
scum smelly background on the cutter
I just hate with all the fibers of my soul in general
everything to everyone
now in Germany in which city of hamburg the
laser where are you their relationship I have a son for
five years and there would go now
Germany in Ukraine would sit further and in the
fourteenth the barlav would sit to him what
did  you understand what
you could do,
at least at a minimum, you understand what
[music]
turns out you, as a relative,
don’t have left there anymore, yes, in that territory,
now I get so many
glasses from which the mother of the new Kakhovka,
Sumy region, was liberated and doesn’t have
this throat  or there’s no one left to
offend, but the sheets are just,
well, good mother’s friend,
sleep, too, the dream book is normal,
I remember going out like this, well, before that I
came  eagles room mom made a
dog walk up
com has a nasty
offtopic
small such
no cis at but
they often can’t show
anything sorry
but how do you think,
according to your
feeling of being in germany, the germans
normally treat ukrainian
refugees i think that yes they
help that’s how people  not like a
state, it’s people or blue I saw
with my own eyes I
made friends with a gay woman 89 years old I
call ama ama this is from German grandmother
she is a child of war
we are watching with her I turn on everyone here and
she looks and she sobs and these are Germans I
will die  they really got into it because
everyone is in shock what is happening everything is in shock
we are going to the subway
there these rods map on the menu of the
tablet acid stations announce
everywhere they show everywhere and the
Germans are shocked it is very correct to
conduct it with whom you communicate so
you don’t need to show duck
explaining the situation so that they are not in the know about the fact
that the car, I will tell you that you don’t really need to do it here
because you even go to the
metro, for example, or a bus stop,
we also have these tablets that write, well,
there the route
number, the bus number for the route and time, and they
show
Mariupol, it doesn’t matter, but it’s all
understandable, and people that’s when they see
just something on the screen, but when they
from a living person they hear stories like this and
it penetrates them more, so it’s very
important to
talk, I tell me here,
too, my girlfriend is with two children, she’s
selling the card, unfortunately we’re far away, but
she does everything the same that I
transfer money to your sultan partisan as best she
can  there we feel we won’t torment and
talk I’m really ram they cry
they are in shock it’s in shock everyone is in shock
this situation is difficult but we will believe in
our shove and everyone, if possible, will
do something to bring our victory closer in a
fairy tale, good conquers
evil, it cannot be otherwise
this is that ukraine will win there is no doubt
here the question is just how fast it
will be such that there are victims that interfere with everything
and every day  the day of this war and that’s all,
but it selects some people
like this on the altar of war, you can say
that’s why Russia is cruel don’t cry,
I won’t we will win so shortly we
will win everything will be good
pushing it to
swear and NATO, unfortunately  for the time
being,
let's not teach you
normal from the fourteenth year,
doing
this conversation, you already drank it cool
to the soul, they thought I was scared away so much
not there thousands in the attack made a gun
in the spirit of thousands were
afraid
for some reason did etc.
well, I’m low to my position, well, imagine, too, understand me everything was fine with me I studied at Donetsk National University I studied Ukrainian-language school before, well, how my work was not bad, I had money, and then some ferrous came and I got it just or what was left for me to do, of course, I opened my mouth, of course, and raked for it, but the flu was freaking and it happened a lot, it happened differently than there were more or less normal men, some of them beat me well, they didn’t beat me hard, they won’t play knock your leg down and you see, like why I dumped it there, well, because I had no choice, I was filled up anyway, I left Kyiv for three cups, it takes several years again, garbage, how to start, but how much can you how much [ __ ] you can run from you, it’s all the same to be silent I won’t anyway no one will shut up as long as I’m alive I’ll say something, do it myself, I’ll get it, you know, I’ll say this when the Russians tell me what we will do to stop the war  they piss at home in Russia so even
say something there with cry and com go out,
then here
you had some kind of position in the occupied territory,
even though it’s
very dangerous and not sitting on their warm
sofas there in their peaceful cities they
they see, they see this injustice,
they don’t start to justify the courts you have
there, the Nazis, the Nazis, the aegis of the ancestors, and
others begin to say what we
will do, they
are silent,
you know my grandfather, he was a Dagestanian,
he is from Dagestan, well, nationality and a
bend, if my grandfather now went out
, he just lived  [ __ ] up the
leg.
which Yanochka played where he lives from a ton Dnieper is wide and doesn’t give 200 hryvnias, but I’m small such a cool violinist Dublin grandfather Dagestan told my beloved grandmother to me around the market and the sup region a new village village I have that I who writes to me his mother has been sitting for 67 years women of the new Kakhovka, it can’t even leave the filtration camps, this is generally where the whole world looks where gaga, where is it normal filtration camps for people, well, this is this [ __ ] that there are no filtration camps for people then I remember in the fourteenth year before there are throats I Donetsk cattle like us they like to call me I didn’t take it for myself, neither I nor my mother, we didn’t take these Russian skinny passports for ourselves, we dumped them from there, but when the opportunity appeared for us a little bit of money and when they opened the border, yes, we left, so they caught us and there they caught us, and where else can we praise these left for Kyiv, the side should be praised and they should be blamed, life should be changed, a different strategy like the forces of Ukraine, now this is  I’m telling you in the
fourteenth year, I went in your mouth, your
mother took it from me in her own way, I wanted
to go to war, she took my passport away from
me, they didn’t accept me without a passport, all
men were there, and now I want to go I
won’t let me in because you have a foal,
you have a child, you  mother,
don’t do what you don’t have a
certain specialization, so that there is
some kind of limit, at least that, well, you are
now a German tank, so you are now
doing your fund of work there on the
Internet, that you went to the force and some
money, according to them, no  the inspector drink in
front of his gate, by the way, this is very
very very very important, because the
formation of public opinion
abroad I ask Russia to throw up very
huge money to spread its
fakes there from Germany France in England
so on and so on, so this front is
even there that living people can
broadcast  some right things
are very, very important don’t blame yourself there
then everyone knows you are doing what is
now in your power
I hope that a
residence permit is a little bit, this is a card, but they didn’t
say when I will have a card,
this plastic, I can eat in Ukraine, I
want to eat Ukraine at least for a couple of weeks,
well, at least the hand will help a
lot, and I studied medical school
in the city  Gorlovka, oddly enough, it
will be logr 10, it was a Ukrainian-language school
and it was a medical person, I know how
to give first aid there, I can’t provide a
tourniquet, I need to breathe, I can
directly indirect heart massage, I can do
some things, but I want, but my friends are
not there Anya  Voltaire they are all there for me to
do everything I would like to
participate a little cool that it is already
impossible to sleep
I would like so much and not read the news but I
can’t do it when you open
your eyes and look at this
horror
I hate
them I just hate them I already  tired of sitting,
it’s necessary, we can’t completely
not read the news, but also crawl to live in this
mine, auction streams, too, you don’t need to
occupy yourself with other things that  to
convert this anger to something
useful
to think about where we can communicate better, so we
got angry, it’s better to take it and
tell the Germans somehow the real situation
show photos show this and
anger
will be better and easier, then you understand that you
somehow sublimate it all  in this
activity because it’s just a letter from
Elechka who is a girlfriend with two children
over something like she does it there and
it works they are just in shock I told them the
filtration camps I told them the
truth for Mariupol
they are in shock and not just in shock  here
ordinary people they can’t be like that in the
sense it can’t be, look
like this can’t be from rimmel chuk it
can’t be winery and
they’re not in shock they were just all in
shock and unity than the
metrologist today was driving
died yesterday yesterday and these  here is the screen
and they show here the destruction of the killed
children, they show the Germans there, the shrine,
[ __ ] up, they just sit there, young
teenagers, children, adult old people, and not
having  shi them it's all here like this
and it's nice for me, I'll tell you more
when including youtube movies to watch
through TV that I answer advertising goes
youtube and here in germany
here it's broadcast here it's
all the horror that's going on what these
[ __ ] are doing with us that is  this means
that any German who turns on
youtube has an advertisement, he also sees it
in any way,
well, at least somehow he doesn’t see her, it’s unpleasant that
they
were in the
employment center of the
bungee, eating, they went to work on the 13th,
and
so the woman is so good in general  very
good none of the old school another
60 feminist even a hammer penetrated
you understand
penetrated so
well, in general, she sees that I am diligently, I
constantly can’t do it that way, I’m left 500
everything there, I call ratkovic on and
calm down, everything is fine, I
know it’s also not hard for me at all, you
my children I have torments he is two years old and
he is also for ukraine he says there he is
two years old even his mother does not speak but in
glory to ukraine
so when  pleasurable and perhaps I had a
demonstration in Ukrainian yesterday
, so many thousands of Germans came out yesterday, I don’t know
how many honestly, well, there was a crowd of us,
a crowd, it was mostly Germans and
I was already an
army, but since March 15, according to the
merits of art, somewhere from 14
acquired
good ruble let's go on May 13, that is, glory to
Ukraine, the chosen one in Ukraine, the best
laid in before them forward and in the garden I
cook wird er zu mir you are in Ukraine and the
strands will be able to try comati on be
calm for your price for 1 here is the release
lunge belts and Crosby you are not  in order for
dates and
maternal love and care so that we are not
only my child also says that
when
Putin passed when I was already sitting there,
I was standing in a telegram, he sees his face
again,
they will die a child of 5 years old a
child of 5 years old, the
project was taken out much higher to you already  what is it about at
the dacha, it’s a bucha there, the mansion was [ __ ]
you keep for two weeks
I didn’t have any connection with them at all.
I’ll fall, [ __ ],
as a result, for two weeks, no
design of shiva at all below, I don’t know what to
do for two weeks, I didn’t understand if I
still have a child, mother or no more
, I didn’t know that, I watch the news and
understand that they probably aren’t alive, but
thank you very much  my husband’s husband is really
thankful that they became disruptive because
there really was a hard [ __ ] there and that’s a
fact and when they arrived I call him
on the video and there it’s just like that there are groups and
dan sulfurs that they drive in a car
and have a tandem so well  I don’t know what
it’s burning, it’s gray smoke, it’s not
seeing where they’re going and pipes and pipes and
pipes pipes
I
sat and the young girl my head
sat
good, let’s formality, if we could,
it would be nice for an expensive
paramatm, such
spoons of flour on the tower dialogue  I think even
before space and it’s possible and so for the chip even with
for, and in the throat of whom there will be
Russians and couples listening to this video the
girl he was not afraid of in the occupied state I
tell my position
you are sitting there in Russia you are afraid  what
I will do to the rally I will go out and that they will
rake me in I had to cry they will be taken away
and all my
life is lived and in fear this is only
half of my life
you can
know
his eyes on what is happening in Ukraine
this shame
this dishonor it will be with you who  will be
with you
today tomorrow the day after tomorrow
our children will ask daddy-mother
what did you do when our country russia was
killing people in ukraine and you will
say you
know
what they care
and pretended it
doesn’t happen from me
this video, I can formulate it at a time
from the stage with a voice, I already need the fate of the hut
carved such great without this kind of water a
satisfying chikov on Rozmov and
my doses like the price of meaning for purchases
and residents of the history of people
this Savin price is simply that the Russians with
prima moved like a game of football  we are rooting
for our team, you are for yours,
and the prices for football are the figure of people and the share we are
specific share we are specific people of
whom you are to blame and then people are alive Putin and  and the
symbols of the pokie plaintiffs, the mice, the brothers,
we brought to
release from the good life,
to lower a number of their expressions, bit
teva,
and after triss to the channel,
drag the bandage and the second gram
e in the steppe, and
once again I will serve this information about cr and about
our channel
as widely as possible  for the chambers and
pelshe fierce bachila and edible I can
handle the essence something else mine is blown out at a time
and yes here and for 1
over it is working to forget wine prices are just
new
with more
specifically such dolly dolly people to
root
glory to ukraine